implement eip-165 for dapps (#159)
cartesi/rollups-contracts: onchain/rollups/.changeset/quick-dodos-accept.md

---
"@cartesi/rollups": major
---

> Implemented EIP-165 for CartesiDApp contract.
> Also updated ICartesiDApp to include IERC721Receiver, IERC1155Receiver (which inherits from IERC165).
> We implemented EIP-165 so that it would be more convenient to detect a potential CartesDApp instance.

Reviewer: Please format contract names as code.

```suggestion
Implemented EIP-165 for CartesiDApp contract.
Also updated `ICartesiDApp` to include `IERC721Receiver`, `IERC1155Receiver` (which inherits from `IERC165`).
We made the `ICartesiDApp` interface inherit from `ERC165` so that it would be possible to detect contracts that do not support such interface.
```
